set $first DP-3
set $second DP-2


workspace 1 output $first
workspace 2 output $first
workspace 3 output $first
workspace 4 output $first
workspace 5 output $first

workspace 61 output $first
workspace 62 output $second
workspace 62 smart_gaps on

workspace 71 output $first
workspace 72 output $second
workspace 72 smart_gaps on

workspace 81 output $first
workspace 82 output $second
workspace 82 smart_gaps on

workspace 91 output $first
workspace 92 output $second
workspace 92 smart_gaps on

workspace 10 output $second
workspace 10 gaps left 2000
workspace 10 gaps right 0

workspace 11 output $second
#workspace 11 smart_gaps on
#workspace 11 smart_borders on
#workspace 11 gaps left 0
#workspace 11 gaps right 0
#workspace 11 gaps top 0
#workspace 11 gaps bottom 0

#set $ws1 1
#set $ws2 2
#set $ws3 3
#set $ws4 4
#set $ws5 5

